RFC: Document Clippy's teams and team duties (#12481)
rust-lang/rust-clippy: book/src/development/the_team.md

very flat hierarchy. The teams mainly have additional access rights to the repo.

This document outlines the onboarding process, as well as duties, and access
rights for members of a group.

## Everyone

Everyone, including you, is welcome to join discussions and contribute in other
ways, like PRs.

You also have some triage rights, using `@rustbot` to add labels and claim
issues. See
[labeling with @rustbot](https://forge.rust-lang.org/triagebot/labeling.html)

A rule for everyone should be to keep a healthy work-life balance. Take a break
when you need one.

## Clippy-Contributors

This is a group of regular contributors to Clippy to help with triaging.

### Duties

This team exists to make contributing easier for regular members. It doesn't
carry any duties that need to be done. However, we want to encourage members of
this group to help with triaging, which can include:

1. **Labeling issues**

    For the `good-first-issue` label, it can still be good to use `@rustbot` to
    subscribe to the issue and help interested parties, if they post questions
    in the comments. 

2. **Closing duplicate or resolved issues**

>     When you manually close and issue, it's often a good idea, to add a short

Reviewer: Typo:

```suggestion
    When you manually close an issue, it's often a good idea, to add a short
```

    comment explaining the reason.

3. **Ping people after two weeks of inactivity**

    We try to keep issue assignments and PRs fairly up-to-date. After two weeks,
    it can be good to send a friendly ping to the delaying party.

    You might close a PR with the `I-inactive-closed` label if the author is
    busy or wants to abandon it. If the reviewer is busy, the PR can be
    reassigned to someone else.

    Checkout: https://triage.rust-lang.org/triage/rust-lang/rust-clippy to
    monitor PRs.

> 

Reviewer 2: suggestion: after the list of duties should we say that "while not part of their duties, contributors are encouraged to review other PRs, the team always appreciates help!" or something like that?

Author: That sounds good to me, I'll add it during the weekend :+1

### Membership

If you have been contributing to Clippy for some time, we'll probably ask you if
you want to join this team. Members of this team are also welcome to suggest
people who they think would make a great addition to this group.

For this group, there is no direct onboarding process. You're welcome to just
continue what you've been doing. If you like, you can ask for someone to mentor
you, either in the Clippy stream on Zulip or privately via a PM.

If you have been inactive in Clippy for over three months, we'll probably move
you to the alumni group. You're always welcome to come back.

## The Clippy Team

[The Clippy team](https://www.rust-lang.org/governance/teams/dev-tools#Clippy%20team)
is responsible for maintaining Clippy.

### Duties

1. **Respond to PRs in a timely manner**

    It's totally fine, if you don't have the time for reviews right now.
    You can reassign the PR to a random member by commenting `r? clippy`.

2. **Take a break when you need one.**

    You are valuable! Clippy wouldn't be what it is without you. So take a break
    early and recharge some energy when you need to.

3. **Sync Clippy with the rust-lang/rust repo**

>     This should be done roughly every two weeks. This is usually done by our
>     king @flip1995.

Reviewer: Exactly every 2 weeks. The exact date is also in the Clippy calendar: https://github.com/rust-lang/calendar/blob/main/clippy.toml

Please don't call me king (I take it as a compliment though :smile_cat:). As you've put it earlier, there is a really flat hierarchy and I don't want to give the impression in any way, that Co-Leads have more say than other members.

```suggestion
    This should be done roughly every two weeks. This is usually done by @flip1995.
```

4. **Update the changelog**

    This needs to be done for every release, every six weeks. This is usually

>     done by @xFrednet.

Reviewer 2: one penguin, two cats, what else do we have

>     done by @xFrednet.

Author: A giraffe :giraffe: :D

### Membership

If you have been in the *Clippy-Contributors* team for some time, we'll probably
reach out and ask if you want to help with reviews and eventually join the

> Clippy team.

Reviewer: I wouldn't predicate this on the membership of Clippy-Contributors. I would keep our usual process and just say, "If you have been active in the Clippy project for some time" or similar.

During the onboarding process, you'll have an active Clippy team member as a
mentor, who assigns PRs to you. They will shadow your reviews, meaning that
they'll keep an eye on your PRs, help you with any questions, and once you're
done, perform a full review. When everything looks good, they'll r+ the PR in

> the name of both of you.

Reviewer: I would also add that they will be in constant contact through Zulip DMs to give the potential member advise and might point out things they missed in their reviews.

> When you've done several reviews and seem confident in the role, you'll be
> invited to join the team officially, as long as you're still interested. This
> onboarding phase typically takes a couple of weeks to a few months.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you've done several reviews and you and your mentor seem confident about becoming a member, you'll be
invited to join the team officially, as long as you're still interested. This
onboarding phase typically takes a couple of weeks to a few months.
```

Or something like this. You have a better way with words than me.

I would also mention, that there will be an informal "vote" by the current members about them joining. Maybe also that when the mentor thinks they're ready, the vote is usually unanimous.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you've done several reviews, and you and your mentor seem confident having you as a member, you'll be
invited to join the team officially if you're still interested. This
onboarding phase typically takes a couple of weeks to a few months.

Author: It might help, that I'm currently working on my master thesis. Reformulating the same paragraph over and over is... an experience :D

This will be updated in the next commit
